README.markdown, before:

Discount Markdown Processor for Ruby
====================================

Discount is an implementation of John Gruber's Markdown markup language in C. It
implements all of the language described in [the markdown syntax document][1] and
passes the [Markdown 1.0 test suite][2].

Discount was developed by [David Loren Parsons][3]. The Ruby extension was
developed by [Ryan Tomayko][4].

[1]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[2]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/downloads/MarkdownTest_1.0.zip
[3]: http://www.pell.portland.or.us/~orc
[4]: http://tomayko.com/

Installation, Hacking
---------------------

RDiscount Gem releases are published to RubyForge and can be installed as
follows:

    $ [sudo] gem install rdiscount

The RDiscount sources are available via Git:

    $ git clone git://github.com/rtomayko/rdiscount.git
    $ cd rdiscount
    $ rake --tasks

For more information, see [the project page](http://github.com/rtomayko/rdiscount).

Usage
-----

RDiscount implements the basic protocol popularized by RedCloth and adopted
by BlueCloth:

    require 'rdiscount'
    markdown = RDiscount.new("Hello World!")
    puts markdown.to_html

Inject RDiscount into your BlueCloth-using code by replacing your bluecloth
require statements with the following:

    begin
      require 'rdiscount'
      BlueCloth = RDiscount
    rescue LoadError
      require 'bluecloth'
    end

COPYING
-------

Discount is free software;  it is released under a BSD-style license
that allows you to do as you wish with it as long as you don't attempt
to claim it as your own work. RDiscount adopts Discount's license
verbatim. See the file `COPYING` for more information.

Commit message:

Modified Readme and Rakefile to refer to Moredown

README.markdown, after:

Discount Markdown Processor for Ruby (with some extras)
=======================================================

Discount is an implementation of John Gruber's Markdown markup language in C. It
implements all of the language described in [the markdown syntax document][1] and
passes the [Markdown 1.0 test suite][2].

Discount was developed by [David Loren Parsons][3]. The Ruby extension was
developed by [Ryan Tomayko][4] and extended by [Nathan Hoad][5].

[1]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[2]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/downloads/MarkdownTest_1.0.zip
[3]: http://www.pell.portland.or.us/~orc
[4]: http://tomayko.com/
[5]: http://nathanhoad.net/

Installation, Hacking
---------------------

The Moredown gem can be installed from Github:

    $ gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
    $ [sudo] gem install nathanhoad-moredown

The Moredown sources are available via Git:

    $ git clone git://github.com/nathanhoad/moredown.git
    $ cd moredown
    $ rake --tasks

For more information, see [the project page](http://github.com/nathanhoad/moredown).

Usage
-----

Moredown can be used in any way that RDiscount can be (see below). In addition, Moredown
implements some extra syntax options via a static formatting method:

    require 'nathanhoad-moredown'
    html = Moredown.text_to_html("Hello World!")

RDiscount implements the basic protocol popularized by RedCloth and adopted
by BlueCloth:

    require 'nathanhoad-moredown'
    markdown = Moredown.new("Hello World!")
    puts markdown.to_html

Inject Moredown into your BlueCloth-using code by replacing your bluecloth
require statements with the following:

    begin
      require 'nathanhoad-moredown'
      BlueCloth = Moredown
    rescue LoadError
      require 'bluecloth'
    end
    

COPYING
-------

Discount is free software;  it is released under a BSD-style license
that allows you to do as you wish with it as long as you don't attempt
to claim it as your own work. RDiscount adopts Discount's license
verbatim. See the file `COPYING` for more information.
